meditation of thoughts we begin the
our meditation as usual
bringing attention to the breath e
following the sensations of the breath
moment by moment
and when the mind vaguely notes where it is
mind and then bring them attention
to the breath
therefore expand the field
attention to include everything
the body the body that breathes
and when the mind vague to notice where
is the mind and then bring back
attention to the body that breathes
moment by moment
we can therefore still expand the
field of attention to include i
sounds
then then focus on
sounds as much as possible by noticing the
tendency of the mind to attribute a
meaning to each sound a
label the sounds by trying a
hear the sounds as you sound like
was a music
a sound has its timbre its break
its intensity
its duration the sounds of the body the sounds
of the room the sounds outside the room
they mix in a sound environment that
you can follow moment by moment how
a concert of lending sounds
caution
of sounds
moment by moment
and when the mind vague to notice where
is the mind and then bring back
attention to the sounds for theirs
sound quality as it sounds
the sounds emerge
and then they dissolve
in the same way that sounds emerge
and they are so resolved also i
thoughts
then then now bring your attention
right on the thoughts you can put to
center of your attention thoughts
you kept in the center of yours
attention the breath
the body sounds now you can keep to
center of attention precisely i
thoughts each thought emerges
and then dissolves
it can help you imagine you have
in front of you a big white screen
where thoughts are projected thoughts
can be made of images of
words
and if you
think that you have no thoughts this is
your thought
if a thought becomes particularly
intrusively
engaging you can choose to bring
attention to the breath
only time to get out of
involvement and then resume at
explore the emergence of thoughts
therefore to conclude this meditation
choosing the appropriate time for
open the eyes